applications: nrf5340_audio: Add CSIS into headsets (#9268)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf5340_audio/README.rst

To create your own app that supports DFU, you can use the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ libraries for Android and iOS.

Changing default values
=======================

> * CSIS (Coordinated Set Identification Service):
>   * The SIRK key has to be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the requirements for the Coordinated Set Identification Service (CSIS), make sure to change the Set Identity Resolving Key (SIRK) value when adapting the application.
```
